[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: We have a
whole stack of divination toys,
which is great.
>>JEAN SLATTER: What
we're talking about
here is discovering who
you are and how you create.
We can ask higher guidance, is
there a meaning to this event?
Is it germane to my life's path?
Higher guidance told me
something I've never forgotten.
We are here on a journey
of discovery of two things.
The very thing that
might be vexing you-- why
is it that I attract the
same man into my life
over and over again?
Why is it that I have
the same money issues?
We say it must be
because there's
something wrong with me, but
I'd like to flip that around.
In our interview
here, later on, I'm
going to reveal a handy tool.
>>REGINA: I know,
we're going to do that.
Master Dowser Jean
Slatter is back with us
again to help us build
our divination toolkit.
Today, we're going to be
talking about the big one.
What is this lifetime all about?
This is the most often asked
question among her clients.
Seems reasonable, but how
do we go about devining
such profound information?
This is not a does he
love me, does he not?
Good to have you back, Jean.
>>SLATTER: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: Everyone
loves having tools
they can use, tools they
can use and go home with
and you're just
the best as this.
>>SLATTER: We've got
some great ones to share.
>>REGINA: We do.
We have a whole stack of
divination toys, which
is great, and a
book here that I've
turned many people on to
after you turned me on to.
We'll share that with everyone.
But first of all, this is
the big question right here.
Why do you think it is that
human beings generally don't
know their life's purpose?
You'd think that would be
kind of baked into the cake.
Like, even at 5, 6.
We kind of know
what we're here for
and what we're interested
in and want to take on,
but most people have
no clue, admittedly.
They will say, I don't
know what I'm here for.
What's your take on that?
>>SLATTER: Well, the
interesting thing about that
is at least we have
the awareness that we
have a purpose.
>>REGINA: Well, not everybody.
That's only a small
percentage of the population.
>>SLATTER: Know that
there is a purpose
even if we don't know
what it is, but we're
longing to discover
about that is, right?
And so that's why we're
asking these questions like,
what am I here to do?
And why does this keep
happening to me over and over?
And what was the meaning
of this event, and what
was the meaning of that event?
And so we're asking
these questions
because we intuitively know
there must be a meaning.
There must be a purpose.
And so when I asked my
higher guidance about this,
and it was about 20 years ago.
Higher guidance told me
something I've never forgotten.
Higher guidance said
that we are here
on a journey of discovery
of two things always.
All roads lead to understanding
who you are and how you create.
And so everything that
we encounter in our lives
and all of our life experiences
are informing us of who we are
and how we create.
And the really cool
thing is that we
are on this journey of self
discovery, and we have a guide.
And that is our higher guidance.
And that could be your angels,
your guide, your higher self,
God, whatever term
you want to put to it.
But you actually have a
guide that knows everything
about you, knows the path that
you're on, knows your purpose,
and is here to assist you in
answering those questions.
So yeah, we do have that
innate wisdom and awareness
that we have a purpose.
Just don't exactly know
how to put words to it yet.
That is true.
And honestly, if you look
at the global population,
most people don't know
they have a guide,
and most people
actually don't even
have time to
consider that there's
higher guidance because
they're in survival mode.
Anyone watching
this show has gotten
to a point in their reality
where they have the time
to contemplate such things.
And so we have-- so this is a
portion of the population that
is primed for it.
And others still
waiting to, I guess,
to maybe be seen or something
or have someone just put
the idea out there.
There is more to life than
just making a paycheck
and trying to feed your kids.
And we're-- I'm
just saying this,
because we are very
lucky, all of us,
and everyone watching the
show, we have time to even
contemplate this.
>>SLATTER: This is true.
>>REGINA: So there we are.
And one thing you talk
about, which I think
is very true, that when we're
looking at the challenges
and we're looking at the
blocks that we encounter,
a lot of our ability to
engage with it has to do with,
you call it soul strength.
First of all, explain
what you mean by that.
>>SLATTER: Well,
the very thing that
might be vexing you, the
thing that you encounter
over and over, why
is it that I attract
the same man into my
life over and over again?
Why is it that I
have the same money
issues over and over again?
The things that we
encounter over and over
again are the things that
we look at and we say,
it must be because there's
something wrong with me.
I'm deficient in something.
I just can't overcome this, or
there's something that I just
am not learning my lesson.
What's wrong with me?
But I'd like to flip that
around and have people
look at it in a different way.
And what if the very thing that
you encounter over and over
is revealing to you
and informing you
that that is actually
a soul super strength?
It's like before
we incarnate, we
want to know something
about ourselves.
Now, how are we going to
know something and like,
for an example, if I say before
I incarnate that I want to know
that I can stand up for myself.
Well, how will I know
that unless I put myself
in that same situation over
and over and over again
to validate.
>>REGINA: And master that.
>>SLATTER: And master it and
to prove to myself that, yes,
I can stand up for myself.
So the very things that we
find we are encountering
over and over could possibly
be revealing our soul
super strength, that thing that
we're actually very good at.
And I liken it to weightlifting,
which I enjoy going to the gym.
But can you imagine if my
intention in going to the gym
was to lift three feathers?
And tomorrow, I'm
going to lift four
and the next day, maybe five.
I don't go to the
gym to lift feathers.
I go to the gym to get stronger.
And so I look at the
weights, and I say to myself,
I'm going to start
with a low weight
and I'm going to work my way up.
And I want to validate
and prove to myself
that, yes, I can get strong, and
I can strengthen that muscle.
And so it is with the themes,
these subthemes in our lives,
that are occurring
over and over again,
we're just lifting weights,
lifting weights in our life.
And it's actually revealing
to us, you're good at this.
You can.
So rather than feeling
deflated and defeated
when you think to yourself,
why can't I get over this?
And why is this happening
over and over again?
Instead, flip it around
and say this is actually
showing me I have everything
within me to overcome this.
I have everything
within me to get strong.
I have everything within me
to show and prove and validate
to myself that I
am good at this.
>>REGINA: And that's
absolutely true.
We do have that within us.
But a lot of times, our lenses
get kind of, mm, fogged over
with habitual
thinking or perhaps
subconscious memory,
subconscious trauma
and desires.
And so probably the one
that dogs a lot of people
is money, the
perception of money.
Now, the idea in the
past, in ancient times,
was more do I have enough food?
Am I able to produce
or trade enough
that I have food for
my family, and can we
sleep peacefully at night?
And that was considered wealth.
Now, what we consider
wealth is almost ludicrous.
We want so much stuff, you know.
And the material, the way we've
been sold the material world
has created some really
distorted lenses,
in my opinion.
And so people are
asking for what
they see comparatively
other people have.
Is that what's going
to make them happy?
The soul knows best.
It's like, nah, that's
not the thing that's
going to make you the
happiest right now, but let's
work on it in a
little different way.
You know what I'm
saying, because you
have a lot of clients
to deal with this.
>>SLATTER: I do.
And so what we're talking about
here is discovering who you are
and how you create.
There's the major theme,
like the big question, what's
my soul mission and my
purpose, and then there's
all these subthemes.
But there's a lot of
distractions, as well.
Like money issues may not even
be part of your soul mission
and have nothing to do with it.
>>REGINA: When you're
spending all your time
kind of begging your
gods for more money.
>>SLATTER: So who do
we ask about that?
We ask our higher guidance.
Is this something that is
germane to my sole purpose,
or am I just distracting
myself and worrying myself
about something that
isn't even purposeful?
>>REGINA: Or just comparing
yourself to other people
or what you've been sold
through media and social media
that you should attain.
And so I think that's
a really important one
to start disconnecting from.
And perhaps one of
the first questions,
and that's where you start--
what is germane to
my sole purpose?
Where am I distracting myself?
So let's do-- we're
going to start playing
with some of the toys here.
I love them.
You have three
different Oracle sets.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: Now, at
home you have--
>>SLATTER: 90.
>>REGINA: 90 Oracle sets.
Now I've seen I've seen a
lot more of your Oracle sets,
but you chose three of
them to work with today.
And this it starts, right, with
the first question of which one
do I even start
working with, right?
>>SLATTER: Right, so
when you're trying
to get a message from
higher guidance, by far,
the most useful
tool, in my opinion,
is learning how
to pendulum dowse.
All right, and so use your
pendulum to ask, first of all,
do I have an Oracle
here that will give me
a message about my question.
And if your pendulum says
yes, then say, OK, which one?
Be guided to the Oracle.
Let's just say
it's this one here.
When you pick the Oracle,
what we're trying to do
is we're trying to get higher
guidance to come and talk
to us with words.
I'm not interested
really in what
the Oracle is about and even
what the intended message is
on the card.
What I'm interested
in is the words.
So the way that I do it
is I shuffle the cards
and lay them out.
I don't roll my hand across
and go, OK, which one?
Where do I feel the vibe?
Instead, I just pick a card.
First one, I'll dowse and
ask, is this the right card?
Before even looking at it.
If it says yes, I turn
it over, I don't even
read it until I ask my
guidance through the pendulum,
am I supposed to read this
or the message in the book.
And if it says in
the book, then I
don't even read that
until I get to which
paragraph am I to read?
And that way I narrow it
down to just the words.
And it's an invitation
for higher guidance
to come and sit beside you
and talk to you with words,
and that's what we're
trying to get to.
So that's how I
play with Oracles
and get higher
guidance to talk to me.
And again, you can
have any sources.
It could be angel cards, Tarot.
It could be like, I
have a couple of things
here that I just love.
This one here is a book of
flower essences, which has
to do with emotional issues.
And so emotional
issues reveal a lot
about what's going on
with any particular issue,
but again, I'm
looking for the words.
I love this book--
"Messages From the
Body" tells you
everything down to when
you break your fingernail,
what does that mean?
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
and so what I do
to find a message in this
huge book is use my pendulum.
Is it page 1 to 400, 400 to 600?
And narrow it down very
quickly to get the page.
>>REGINA: Odd, even and
all those questions, yeah.
>>SLATTER: Turn to the page.
Then again, I don't read
anything till I say, is it
from here, here?
Is it in this paragraph?
And you finally narrow
it down to the paragraph
that you are to read.
And when you do that,
I'm telling you Regina,
the Oracles that come across
will oftentimes repeat verbatim
what the question was.
>>REGINA: OK, do you
want to do an-- we
weren't going to do this.
I have something
that will be fun.
It wasn't fun for
me, but it could
be a fun little experiment in
how you would narrow this down.
Do you want to do it?
I have a question that
would come out of this book.
>>SLATTER: OK, let's try it.
>>REGINA: Why have
I cut off three
fingers on my dominant hand?
I mean, I've cut the pad off.
I cut the whole finger off.
Top of this finger
was chopped off.
Serious damage to all three
fingers on my right hand.
What in the world--
>>SLATTER: Is going on?
>>REGINA: --is going on?
>>SLATTER: OK, so I
love your question
but there are a whole
lot of other questions
I would ask before I would
ever go to that book.
>>REGINA: So how would
you go about dowsing that,
for example?
So people can start
playing at home.
>>SLATTER: In our
interview here later on,
I'm going to reveal
a handy tool.
>>REGINA: I know we're going
to do that, which is cool.
>>SLATTER: And
that will show you
how I would begin asking
all those questions.
So maybe we'll even
bring it back in.
>>REGINA: Let's just bring
that because because it's also
related to the hand.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
[LAUGHS] Yeah, absolutely.
And then, of course, we've
talked about these pendulum
charts here.
And they're amazing,
and I love this.
>>REGINA: OK, this one
is Dale Olson, right?
Dale W. Olson.
But what I've heard
from people recently
is that he's done away
with the spiral binding.
>>SLATTER: Oh, darn.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And so if you can find it,
like, on eBay or something,
try to find it before
they're all gone.
Because people will go looking
for it after this interview.
But this has everything in it.
>>SLATTER: It has
so much, even down
to diagnosing your car engine.
But the chart that I use so much
that it's memorized in my head
is the percentage chart.
And we've talked
about that before,
how important it is to
avoid those yes/no questions
and to actually base it on
how strongly something is
either beneficial or negative.
Like, for an example, if I were
in a grocery store or a health
food store and I said,
is there a supplement
here that would be beneficial
for me on this shelf?
Even if one supplement
was 1% beneficial,
what can my guidance answer?
Yes, you know?
So that's not really the
question I want to ask.
I want to ask is how beneficial
would one of these supplements
be?
And I'm looking or something
that is at least 70%
or above in benefit.
So that's the chart that
is burned in my mind.
>>REGINA: That's
incredibly useful.
OK, so now, one of
the things, and you'll
get some blowback on this one,
I think, with some of the people
in the audience.
Is you're saying
about half of all
that happens to us in our
lives is actually accidental.
Because we tend to think
it's all for purpose.
Each thing that happens,
it's our soul speaking to us.
You're saying, no,
maybe only half.
So tell us how you came
to that, and why you
believe that to be the case.
>>SLATTER: That actually
came from a client
and from this book,
"Messages From the Body."
And it was years
ago, I had a client
that came in and had gone
through a very traumatic event.
She had been raped.
She had spent years
afterwards trying to uncover
why that had happened to her.
She felt, at some
level, that she--
it was her fault.
>>REGINA: She deserved it,
she karmically or something.
It was all on her.
>>SLATTER: She attracted
it on some level, you know?
And that in some way
this was her creation
and that if she
didn't figure it out,
then she would run
the risk of something
like that happening again.
And so she wanted to
know why did I attract
that event into my life?
So in this case, when
I asked higher guidance
where can we get a clue?
I was taken to this book,
"Messages From the Body."
And there is a section on rape.
And there's several
paragraphs in there.
And the paragraphs say, well,
it could be this reason.
It could be this reason.
It could mean this.
It could mean that.
And the very last paragraph
was the one that I was to read.
And it was startling.
It says stuff happens.
It actually didn't say stuff--
it says--
>>REGINA: Things happen.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, things
happen, and then it
talked about the
randomness of the universe.
Now, for her, this
was a huge relief.
it was comforting to
just think that maybe I
was just in the wrong
place at the wrong time.
And I can let this go, and there
wasn't any more meaning to it.
And it was a huge relief.
Well, but for me, it
started a whole line
of questioning with
my higher guidance.
I said, I don't understand.
I thought everything
has meaning.
I thought there
are no accidents.
So can you explain to
me this whole thing
about the randomness?
And then what higher
guidance explained
is something actually that is
logical and that science knows.
The whole universe exists
on this very fine line
between chaos and order.
And we know this, and
we live in duality.
And you cannot have a
one-sided coin, right?
So if you are going to
have order and meaning,
then you are also going to
have complete randomness.
>>REGINA: That is
true, Jean, and I
mean, I've thought about
this a fair amount as well.
And I always tend to think
that there tends to be order.
But the reality is when you
look at individual situations
and people say, I don't get it.
This psychic told me
this was going to happen.
I'm the one arguing,
wait a minute.
Did it involve another
human being or more than one
other human being?
So they're dealing with all
of their impulses, everything
that's guiding them,
everything they're ignoring
and what's happening
to their lives.
And you're dependent
on that for an outcome?
We can-- it's hard
to even to predict
your own kind of
future, so to speak,
even if it doesn't
involve another human,
even with will and
desire and everything.
So when you put
all these elements
and then you put
the factor of time
into it and the factor of our
own lack of self-knowledge,
right, which we often
have, how could I
have ever thought that
this was a world that
was based on coherence?
It's not coherent.
It can have coherence, and you
can create it to an extent.
But a lot of it is incoherent
or chaotic, as you say.
>>SLATTER: That's right.
And so you're walking
down the sidewalk,
and you see a
feather, and you think
to yourself, that's my deceased
grandmother speaking to me.
And sometimes it might
be, and sometimes it
might just be a feather.
>>REGINA: Right,
and you know what?
I'm glad you brought that up.
I think it's important to know,
and that freeing part, too.
And that's not to say that
is to absolve ourselves
of any kind of karmic
kind of challenge
we may have brought
forward, because you
know, those things we know
through our own feelings
and perceptions,
whether or not there's
a buzz around a
particular area of life.
So I think that looking at it
in the way you bring forward
is more balanced it's an
important point to bring up.
>>SLATTER: Well, I
think that that's
why we need access to
higher guidance, because we
can ask higher guidance is
there a meaning to this event?
Is it germane to my life's path?
And it surprises me sometimes
when I ask that question,
because some of the most
seemingly inconsequential
things can, oftentimes,
have meaning.
Sometimes they don't.
I had a client one time
that said that he wanted
to give his employee a bonus.
And he wanted to
ask higher guidance
if this was a good idea or not.
And I thought, well,
this is a silly thing
to ask higher guidance about.
I mean, give him a bonus.
Don't give him a bonus.
Who cares?
You know, higher guidance
isn't going to have an opinion.
But when I asked,
higher guidance
did, indeed, have an opinion.
And the answer was no,
don't give him the bonus.
And we didn't really know
why, but months later,
what he found out was that
the employee was actually
embezzling money from him.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This was kind of a message
to him, to the boss,
to draw some boundaries on
his trusting and his openness
there.
So yeah, sometimes what
seems to be inconsequential
can actually have a meaning.
So who knows?
Your higher guidance knows.
>>REGINA: But one thing
higher guidance doesn't know
and nobody knows, because
of the very factor
I brought up earlier, which
is when you're working
in a dynamic that
has other people
and their whole soul
trajectory, everything going on
in their lives, is
the timing of things.
That is the one--
and so many people ask that
very question, when am I going
to meet, when am I going to do?
Well, you know, that's
one thing higher guidance
can't answer because it's
a living dynamic that's
operating every second.
One person pulls
out of the dynamic,
and boom, the whole
thing is kind of
scuttled for the time being.
It may take more
time to recover.
So I think this whole
notion of just learning, A,
to be patient with life.
It will come to us.
It will show itself.
And not try to ask your guidance
and pressure them on when.
That's just not going to
work, because they don't know.
>>SLATTER: I would
agree with that.
>>REGINA: Yeah I'm
glad, because time
seems to be the
enemy of humanity
in this time-space
continuum we're in.
And if we could just
relax a little bit
and know just because it
doesn't happen, quote, on time,
doesn't mean it's
not going to happen.
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
it's like what's
the definition of "soon?"
>>REGINA: Yeah, what is soon?
In our guides', in our
higher selves' perspective,
it could be 1,000 years.
Soon.
So anyway, I just
wanted to bring that up.
Don't be so hard on
ourselves and our guides
when it comes to time.
OK, one thing we're
going to do here
today is a new
mode of divination
that you haven't shown us before
and you mentioned it a bit ago.
It has to do with
fingers, and I want
to make sure we get this in.
>>SLATTER: OK, so
in past interviews,
we've talked about how
to ask good questions.
We've talked about how to
interpret the messages you
get from guidance.
This is going to be a
little bit different.
handy tool to allow higher
guidance to take you by
the hand and lead you
on a path of inquiry.
So what I mean by
that is that there
are a whole lot of
questions you can
ask about everything, right?
But you want higher
guidance actually leading
the questioning so that
you get to the message
that higher guidance is
wanting to give to you.
So I'll go through
them real quickly,
and then we will go back
and give examples about it.
So the first one is your thumb.
So that is the
broadest finger, right?
So start with the broadest
question possible, all right?
Simple enough.
Second, your pointer finger--
get pointed in the
right direction.
Third-- it's your middle finger.
So it can go this way or that
way, right in the middle.
So this is a way to ask it in a
positive and in a negative way,
and we'll go over that in a bit.
Your ring finger is your
relationship finger.
This is where we
want to make sure
that we have understood what
higher guidance has had to say.
And then the little finger,
is there any little bit
more information that I need?
All right, so
here's how it works.
Starting with the
broadest question--
one day I was watching
my son, and he
was going through a list on
Amazon of all these books
that he had set aside
for the wish list area.
And he was using his pendulum
to dowse which of these books
he should go ahead and buy now.
And he kept getting
no, no, no, no, no.
And I knew the list was long,
and I kept hearing the no.
And I said, wait a
minute, wait a minute.
Pull back.
You didn't ask the
broader question.
The broader question
is, is there
a book on this list that
your guidance wants you--
so it's like pulling back and
starting with the broadest
question.
>>REGINA: So for
example, if someone
says they're having
challenges or concerns
or have anxiety
around relationships,
so how would you
pose the question?
Because there will be
people watching this
that have that
issue, for example.
How would you pose the
question in the broadest sense,
before you start drilling
down on your relationship?
>>SLATTER: The first
question I would ask
is, is there a message
higher guidance wants
to give me about this?
Because it might not
even be something
that guidance wants to
give you advice about.
So that would be the broadest
question to start with, yeah.
And you know, higher
guidance is really good.
As I've done this
through the years,
higher guidance has been
really good at getting
to what is the most important
question to focus in on.
One of my clients was calling
because she was considering
restructuring her business.
She went on and on for
at least 10 minutes,
going through all the
different possibilities.
What do I do with these new
partners that are coming in?
What do I do with the
employees that I have?
How do I structure
this business?
What are the legalities?
Do I even want to do
this, blah, blah, blah?
What if I want to retire?
It just went on and on and on.
And I said, let's just stop.
And we asked the big
question, first of all.
Does guidance want to give
you information on this?
Yes.
All right, guidance said
pull way back, and zoom out
and answer two questions first.
And if you can answer
these two questions,
everything else that you want
to know will fit into this.
And the two questions
that came up I thought
were absolutely
brilliant, and I think
they're worthy to share
for anybody to ask.
And the two questions
were, what makes me happy,
and how do I want
to spend my time?
So we use divination tools
to answer those questions.
>>REGINA: Was she at all
in alignment with what
the answers to those questions.
>>SLATTER: Well, she had
to get the answer first.
And so we used the divination
tools, and the answer
to what makes me happy--
the card that came
up was called Spark.
And it talked about
that spark of life,
when you feel engaged
and interested
and involved in
participating in life.
The opposite of that
would be numbed out
and zoning out and escaping.
She did want that
feeling and she
realized that she wasn't
getting it at work anymore,
had lost it.
And what was giving
her this spark
was spending time
with her grandkids
and her family
and her community,
and that's what was
giving her the spark.
And so now, she's looking
at all those questions
she had about restructuring
her business and saying,
wait a minute.
I don't actually even
want to be there.
Then the second question, how
do you want to spend your time?
Again, we used divination tools
to get the answer for that.
And the answer was to have
freedom of choice with what she
does with their time.
How many business owners do you
know of who started a business
they were crazy about it.
They had so much
passion for it, and then
the business took on
a life of its own,
and they became a
slave to it right.
>>REGINA: Yeah, typical.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, and they had
no choice, no freedom of time,
because they were slave
to their own creation.
And that is actually what
had happened for her.
So through this process,
by understanding
the two big questions she
needed to ask herself--
>>REGINA: She had to
say, who's the boss here?
Who's the boss,
that business or me?
>>SLATTER: She realized that
she actually wanted to retire.
So that's-- it
changed everything.
It changed all the focus.
>>REGINA: Interesting, but see,
that's where the courage really
comes in.
If you're going to do
this, you should not
do it as a plaything.
You know, if you're going
to really get into dowsing
and you're going to
really use it properly,
you need to have the courage
to stand up to the answers.
>>SLATTER: Yeah
and I will also--
>>REGINA: And you
still have choice.
You can say, OK, I hear you,
but I'm not going to do it.
>>SLATTER: Right,
but I would also
say that you'll save
yourself a lot of heartache.
>>REGINA: Boy, yes, it's true.
>>SLATTER: A lot
of time and a lot
of heartache, a lot of money
if you go with higher guidance.
>>REGINA: Absolutely, but
I watch people suffer all
the time, because they'll want
an answer that's going to make
things--
put a Band-Aid on it,
make it easier for them
without making
the big decisions.
And taking, like your friend,
the big step, which is,
I don't want to do this anymore.
And that has
implications, you know?
And so I'm just
saying, I think we
have to have a certain amount
of reverence and respect
if we're going to
genuinely inquire.
And I couldn't
agree with you more.
By following higher
guidance, life
is just so much more
beautiful and fulfilling.
There's no question.
>>SLATTER: Not to
say that you aren't
going to face
challenges, because you
want to do your weightlifting.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
OK, now so we've talked
about the broadest question.
>>SLATTER: The
broad-- that actually
was getting pointed in
the right direction,
because when you start with
that broad question, what
makes me happy?
Well, there's 101 things
that make me happy.
A warm cup of coffee in
the morning makes me happy,
you know.
But that's really not the
answer we're looking for, right?
Here, so now you've got to get
pointed in the right direction.
And that's why we use divination
tools to say, OK, well
what kind of happiness
are we talking about here?
Kind of get me pointed
in the right direction,
because otherwise, we could
go off in 100 different ways,
you know?
And same with how do I
want to spend my time?
Well, I want to spend my time
taking naps on the couch,
but that's not the answer.
So by getting pointed
in the right direction
to what question to ask,
use your divination tools
to get to answer that.
Then we come to
the middle finger,
which is a excellent way
of uncovering assumptions.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about that.
>>SLATTER: It's a
way of verifying
how well do you understand what
you think you're being told.
So I'll give you
just an obvious one.
Let's say you're asking, do
I need to eliminate sugars
in order to control
my blood sugar?
And you get a yes.
All right, now ask
it in the negative.
Is it true that I don't
need to eliminate sugars
to control my blood sugar?
So you've asked it in the
positive and the negative.
And if the first answer is
actually the full answer,
you'll get no, that's not true.
But if you get a second
yes, it is revealing to you
you've made an
assumption and probably
an assumption about sugars.
And so then you would
do some more questioning
and maybe you'd
find out that, oh,
all I have to really eliminate
is high fructose corn
syrup, right?
And fruit sugars
are fine, you know?
So it would be
something like that.
My daughter did this after she
was graduating from college.
She had known since
she was in high school
that she had wanted
to be a healer.
And we had actually pulled
some life purpose cards,
and sure enough,
it all came back
that she was to be a doctor.
And so that's what
she focused on when
she was in college--
biology and then
she was going to go
on to med school.
But when that time came, then
we used that middle finger
to verify, all right, do we
understand this correctly,
or are we making
an assumption here?
So we asked, is it
true that you are
to go on to become a doctor.
Yes.
Is it true that you are not
to go on to become a doctor,
and we also got yes.
So that gave us an indication.
We had a major assumption
here about what kind of doctor
she was going to be.
She was assuming she was
going to become a med doctor,
but what guidance
finally revealed to her
is no, you just need to get your
doctorate in the healing arts.
>>REGINA: And she's
in research and has
an amazing brain for research.
>>SLATTER: Yes, and so once
that was revealed to her,
she could feel the truth of it.
And I think that's what prompted
the question in the first place
is because she
was, like, feeling
some resistance about going
on to med school and wanted--
but guidance told me I'm
to be a doctor you know?
So by asking it in the
positive and in the negative,
we were able to reveal that
assumption that was there.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
that's important,
because we're all prepackaged
with assumptions and filters.
OK.
>>SLATTER: All right,
now relationship finger--
what's the most important
thing in a relationship?
The most important thing
in any relationship
is that you actually
understand each other.
Like, when you are being told
something by your partner,
you want to make sure did
I understand you correctly?
Is this how you feel about it?
Because otherwise, you can be
operating on misconceptions,
right?
So here's your higher guidance
explaining something to you.
You want to make sure that
you've understood this.
Well, with my client
that wanted to,
now she figured out
she actually wants
to retire and give
up her business,
a fear came up in her.
She said, oh, but wait a minute.
What if I end up being bored.
I'm a couch potato.
I'm sitting, you know, watching
one Netflix show after another,
eating bonbons,
and gain 30 pounds.
It would be horrifying.
I don't want that to happen.
And so we drew a card to
answer that question for her,
and the card said very sweetly,
be confident in who you are.
And we thought to ourselves,
what a great message.
It's just saying,
hey, you know you.
You're not going to do that.
>>REGINA: You're not going to
be out of control and someone
else.
>>SLATTER: You're not
going to be out of control.
You're going to be fine.
Be confident in that.
And we thought it
was a great message.
So then I asked, how well,
on a scale of 1 to 100
do we understand the
message of that card.
0%.
We didn't get it at all.
And so and because
it was zero, I
knew it was just the opposite.
The message to her was to be
comfortable in the discovery
of who you are in this
phase of your life.
And you know, think about it.
That's what ends up happening
to high-powered executives who
retire.
They lose their identity, right?
And I remember this
happened to my father.
When he retired, that was
the day he began to die.
And it was just because he
just had lost his identity.
When you are boxed
in with an identity
that you used to have in
that phase of your life
and you try to bring it now
to this phase of retirement,
it's not going to work.
And so what guidance
was saying was
be comfortable with
the discovery of who
you are in every
phase of your life
and joyfully go
about that journey.
>>REGINA: And not have to
have it prepackaged and all
the blanks filled
in before you start.
Because I think for some of the
women watching this show right
now, you're going to be talking
about, say, empty nester
syndrome.
Like, oh, my God.
I need to--
I need to get back to work.
I have to, maybe, develop
a second phase career.
>>SLATTER: Another
great example, that is.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
yeah and where you
might take some
time for reflection
and see what the
soul really desires
to start just exploring, a
wonderful time for exploration.
>>SLATTER: Be in the discovery.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about--
>>SLATTER: Little finger.
>>REGINA: --baby finger.
>>SLATTER: Then once
you've gotten this--
so here's your higher
guidance has led you
through this inquiry
here so that you
can get to the message,
Now, you want to say,
OK, is there anything more
I need to know, you know?
And sometimes, we
get the whole puzzle.
You know, we get
the big picture.
We get the whole thing, right
then and there, and it's great,
and we're off.
We can be on our way.
And other times, we've only
gotten a piece of the puzzle.
And guidance says, no,
there's more you need to know.
And so go back in
and start again
with the broadest question, and
then go through the whole thing
again.
And if you feel frustrated,
like, I'm just not getting it.
I'm just, like, I
can't figure this out.
Guidance has given me messages,
but I still don't get it.
Um, walk away, and let
it marinate for a while.
I can't tell you
how many times that
I've done this where I've asked
higher guidance something.
I write down verbatim
what the message is.
And I'll look at it, scratching
my head, saying I don't get it.
It makes no sense to me.
And if I get to that place, then
I do, I go do something else.
And it may be a
few minutes later.
It might be a few hours later
or days or months later,
and all of a sudden, it's
like a light bulb goes off.
And you get it, and you
go back and you read it.
And you go, how come
I didn't see that?
It was so obvious.
>>REGINA: Right and
perhaps, on some level,
you weren't ready to
see that at that time.
And so certainly the
big one has always
been when people
are doing the does
he love me, love me not, you
know, picking the daisy thing,
is that we're
loaded with desire.
We're loaded with these
filters and assumptions,
and people can trick themselves.
And I think that's
what's really beautiful,
well, A, I know how
vigilant you are about this.
And that's what you
teach in your courses is
how to do this
responsibly, vigilantly,
so that you can't
lie to yourself.
And that's where I think
the middle finger seems
to really come in, in this part
of the process of evaluation.
Is asking it from the
positive and the negative
and seeing where there's
not congruence, right?
And so in short, for people
who are going to dabble but not
go as seriously into it because
of lack of patience or will,
what would you say to the
average person dowsing
to work your way around
those filters of deception,
where you're just telling
yourself what you want to hear?
>>SLATTER: Great,
I have, I think,
a very useful
suggestion for this.
So one, it is something that
you do have to practice.
But what I say is that prior
to doing your devinations
or asking questions,
do a little meditation.
Get yourself
centered and imagine
seeing a clear channel being
created for higher guidance
to come and speak
to you directly.
Imagine taking your logic
mind off to the side,
willingly, and looking on with
curiosity, without censoring,
interference, or agenda.
It's this skill of
being able to listen,
and it's no different
than when you're
listening to your partner.
That skill of just
being able to listen
to what they're saying without
thinking to yourself, you know,
and wanting to
interject all the time.
So to have your--
ask your mind to
willingly step aside
and look on from curiosity.
But now, here's the
important part--
allow your mind to
have its own opinion.
Yeah, so here, your mind's
over here going, well,
I know what I think about this.
But I'm curious, what does
higher guidance have to say?
And then listen for
higher guidance response.
And allow even for
arguing to take place.
I argue all the time
with my higher guidance.
But what this is an invitation
to discuss something.
Like, explain this to me.
I don't agree.
You have to go deeper and
give me the background
or give me some
information about this
so I can have a greater
understanding of what you're
saying.
So allow your mind to
have its own opinion
and create that clear
channel for higher guidance.
And when you do that, it
doesn't take too long before you
notice those two voices.
And that's when you know
you're not loading the answers,
because the higher
guidance response to you,
it will tell you something
that you would not
have come up with on your own,
and you will disagree with.
>>REGINA: Oh, I do
that, and I think
I mentioned this in one other,
and I'll keep it really brief.
Remember the time I talked
about France, buying the ticket,
airline ticket to France.
I was going to France,
and I'm meditating.
And they said, you're not going.
I said, yes I am.
And they said, no you're not.
I said, watch me.
I bought the ticket.
The day came to get on
the airplane and I--
please forgive me, anybody
that's heard this--
I mentioned it in another show.
I got this, out-of-the-blue,
horrid urinary tract infection,
where I couldn't even go more
than a minute or two without
having to run to the bathroom,
and I couldn't make it
to the airport.
I thought, oh, my God.
And it was a non-refundable
ticket, right?
And so after, so I went took
a little vitamin C drink,
some water.
It was gone in hours.
and I said, what was that about?
They said, we told you,
you weren't going in.
And there was a whole reason
why I shouldn't go to that place
at that time that was
astounding in itself.
I mean, the answer
was amazing, and it
had to do with speaking French.
You don't need to
do this anymore.
And so the point being, you can
go back and forth and argue,
and you can even say, well,
I'm not going to listen to you.
But beware, there
may be consequences.
Jean, any final thoughts
before we sign off here.
This has been very helpful.
>>SLATTER: OK, well, just
remember, you are on, each
and every one of us is on
a journey of self-discovery
knowing who we are
and how we create.
And all of our life events
could be informing us of that.
Take a look at the
challenges that
come up on a recurring
basis and just recognize
that that actually might be
revealing to me a soul strength
that I have.
So welcome that and ask higher
guidance, as you go along,
is this something that
is germane to my purpose?
Is this something that is
germane to my life lessons
here?
And if it isn't,
then just let it go.
It's incidental, and it
doesn't really mean much.
>>REGINA: And this is where
non-attachment comes in.
>>SLATTER: Unattachment,
yeah, and just to let it go.
So you're on this
fantastic journey
that actually lasts a lifetime.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Exactly.
>>SLATTER: It doesn't end.
It lasts a lifetime.
>>REGINA: Well, and that's true.
One friend once said to
me that his father always
told him, son, life is long.
Because he wanted something
now, now, you know?
And why is it not happening?
It's long.
There's plenty of opportunity
to adjust and create.
So Jean, as always, it's
wonderful having you here.
Everybody loves
these conversations,
because there's always something
they can take home and use.
>>SLATTER: Great, thank you.
>>REGINA: So to find
out more about Jean's
work and her ongoing courses,
you can go to jeanslatter.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."